W-15809676-org-linking (#340)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/trusted-salesforce-org.adoc

Using the Anypoint Platform user interface, you can:

* Continue creating a connection to a Salesforce organization.
* Enable or disable a tenant relationship with Salesforce.

== Before You Begin

You need the following:

* The Organization Administrator permission at the root organization level in Anypoint Platform
* Any permissions required to modify Salesforce connections
* A connection code from your Salesforce organization

== Create a Connection

To initiate the connection creation process, you need the connection code from your Salesforce organization.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *External Access*.
. In the *External Access* page, click *Salesforce*.
. Click *Connect with a new Salesforce Org*.
. Enter your connection code from your Salesforce organization.
. Click *Confirm*. +
After the connection completes on the Anypoint Platform side, a connection code for your Anypoint Platform organization appears.
+
. Copy the Anypoint Platform connection code.
. Return to the Salesforce connection creation interface, and enter your Anypoint Platform connection code.
. Complete the instructions in Salesforce.

> The successful tenant relationship appears in the *Salesforce* section of *External Access* with the `Enabled` status.

Author: ```suggestion
The organization relationship appears in the *Salesforce* section of *External Access* with the `Enabled` status.
```

== Disconnect or Reconnect an Existing Connection

If you want to sever the connection from your Salesforce organization to your Anypoint Platform organization, you can disconnect your Anypoint Platform organization using the Salesforce user interface. If you want to resume publishing assets from Anypoint Platform to Salesforce after you disconnect the Salesforce organization, you must reconnect the organizations. 

Alternatively, if you want to temporarily prevent Anypoint Platform users from publishing assets to Salesforce from the Anypoint Platform side, you can instead disable the connection temporarily.

For more information about managing this relationship from the Salesforce user interface, see the https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.external_services_manage_your_mulesoft_anypoint_platform_connection.htm&type=5[Salesforce documentation]. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

=== Disconnect Your Organizations

. In the Salesforce user interface, select your Anypoint Platform organization.
. Click the overflow menu icon.
. Click *Disconnect*.

=== Reconnect Your Organizations

. In the Salesforce user interface, select your Anypoint Platform organization.
. Click the overflow menu icon.
. Click *Reconnect*.

```

== Enable or Disable a Connection to Your Organization

When you enable the connection with your Salesforce organization, you can publish assets from your Anypoint Platform organization to the trusted Salesforce organization. When you disable the connection, the Salesforce organization still appears in the list of available organizations but you can no longer publish assets from your Anypoint Platform to your Salesforce organization. Disabling a connection does not sever the connection to your Salesforce organization. 

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *External Access*.
. In the *External Access* page, click *Salesforce*. +
If your organization has at least one established tenant relationship, a list of Salesforce organizations appears, showing the name, organization ID, domain, and status of the relationship connection.
+

> . Click *Enable* or *Disable*.

Author: ```suggestion
. Click *Enable* or *Disable*.

== Remove a Connection 

If you want to permanently delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization using the Salesforce interface. After you delete the connection, a user with the appropriate permissions in both your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations must recreate the connection.

. In the Salesforce user interface, select your Anypoint Platform organization.
. Click the overflow menu icon.
. Click *Remove*.

```

> = Establish a Tenant Relationship to a Trusted Salesforce Organizations 

Author: ```suggestion
= Establish a Tenant Relationship to a Trusted Salesforce Organization
```

> Salesforce organizations can establish a tenant relationship with Anypoint Platform organizations. After establishing this relationship, an Anypoint Platform user with the Organization Administrator permission can enable or disable this relationship in *Access Management*. You can also disconnect Anypoint Platform from Salesforce at any time. For more information about initiating and maintaining a relationship with Salesforce, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.external_services_manage_your_mulesoft_anypoint_platform_connection.htm&type=5[Manage Your MuleSoft Anypoint Platform Connection] in the Salesforce documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
A Salesforce organization can establish a tenant relationship with an Anypoint Platform organization. After establishing this relationship, an Anypoint Platform user with the Organization Administrator permission can enable or disable this relationship in *Access Management*. You can also disconnect Anypoint Platform from Salesforce at any time. For more information about initiating and maintaining a relationship with Salesforce, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.external_services_manage_your_mulesoft_anypoint_platform_connection.htm&type=5[Manage Your MuleSoft Anypoint Platform Connection] in the Salesforce documentation.
```

> A Salesforce organization can establish a tenant relationship with an Anypoint Platform organization. After establishing this relationship, an Anypoint Platform user with the Organization Administrator permission can enable or disable this relationship in *Access Management*. You can also disconnect Anypoint Platform from Salesforce at any time. For more information about initiating and maintaining a relationship with Salesforce, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.external_services_manage_your_mulesoft_anypoint_platform_connection.htm&type=5[Manage Your MuleSoft Anypoint Platform Connection] in the Salesforce documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Salesforce organization establishes a tenant relationship with an Anypoint Platform organization, an Anypoint Platform user with the Organization Administrator permission can then enable or disable this relationship in *Access Management*. 

You can also disconnect Anypoint Platform from Salesforce at any time. 

For more information about initiating and maintaining a relationship with Salesforce, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.external_services_manage_your_mulesoft_anypoint_platform_connection.htm&type=5[Manage Your MuleSoft Anypoint Platform Connection] in the Salesforce documentation.
```

> Using the Salesforce user interface, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Salesforce user interface to:
```

* Initiate and complete the connection process to your Anypoint Platform organization.
* Disconnect or reconnect your Anypoint Platform organization from your Salesforce organization.
* Delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization.

> Using the Anypoint Platform user interface, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Anypoint Platform user interface to:
```

* Continue creating a connection to a Salesforce organization.
* Enable or disable a tenant relationship with Salesforce.

== Before You Begin

> You need the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have the following:
```

* The Organization Administrator permission at the root organization level in Anypoint Platform
* Any permissions required to modify Salesforce connections
* A connection code from your Salesforce organization

== Create a Connection

To initiate the connection creation process, you need the connection code from your Salesforce organization.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *External Access*.
. In the *External Access* page, click *Salesforce*.
. Click *Connect with a new Salesforce Org*.
. Enter your connection code from your Salesforce organization.
. Click *Confirm*. +
After the connection completes on the Anypoint Platform side, a connection code for your Anypoint Platform organization appears.
+
. Copy the Anypoint Platform connection code.
. Return to the Salesforce connection creation interface, and enter your Anypoint Platform connection code.
. Complete the instructions in Salesforce.

The organization relationship appears in the *Salesforce* section of *External Access* with the `Enabled` status.

== Disconnect or Reconnect an Existing Connection

> If you want to sever the connection from your Salesforce organization to your Anypoint Platform organization, you can disconnect your Anypoint Platform organization using the Salesforce user interface. If you want to resume publishing assets from Anypoint Platform to Salesforce after you disconnect the Salesforce organization, you must reconnect the organizations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disconnect your Salesforce organization from your Anypoint Platform organization, you can use the Salesforce user interface to do so. If you want to resume publishing assets from Anypoint Platform to Salesforce after you disconnect the Salesforce organization, you must reconnect the organizations. 
```

. Click the overflow menu icon.
. Click *Disconnect*.

=== Reconnect Your Organizations

. In the Salesforce user interface, select your Anypoint Platform organization.
. Click the overflow menu icon.
. Click *Reconnect*.

== Enable or Disable a Connection to Your Organization

When you enable the connection with your Salesforce organization, you can publish assets from your Anypoint Platform organization to the trusted Salesforce organization. When you disable the connection, the Salesforce organization still appears in the list of available organizations but you can no longer publish assets from your Anypoint Platform to your Salesforce organization. Disabling a connection does not sever the connection to your Salesforce organization. 

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *External Access*.
. In the *External Access* page, click *Salesforce*. +
If your organization has at least one established tenant relationship, a list of Salesforce organizations appears, showing the name, organization ID, domain, and status of the relationship connection.
+
. Click *Enable* or *Disable*.

== Remove a Connection 

> If you want to permanently delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization using the Salesforce interface. After you delete the connection, a user with the appropriate permissions in both your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations must recreate the connection.

Author: ```suggestion
You can permanently delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization using the Salesforce interface. After you delete the connection, a user with the appropriate permissions in both your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations must recreate the connection if they want to reestablish a relationship.
```

> You can permanently delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization using the Salesforce interface. After you delete the connection, a user with the appropriate permissions in both your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations must recreate the connection if they want to reestablish a relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can permanently delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization using the Salesforce interface. After you delete the connection, a user with the appropriate permissions in both your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations must recreate the connection if they want to reestablish a relationship.
```
```suggestion
You can permanently delete the connection between your Anypoint Platform organization and your Salesforce organization using the Salesforce user interface. After you delete the connection, a user with the appropriate permissions in both your Anypoint Platform and Salesforce organizations must recreate the connection if they want to reestablish a relationship.
```
